Adding tables to readme (#47)
openmc-dev/data: README.md

This repository contains a collection of scripts for generating HDF5 data
libraries that can be used with OpenMC. Some of these scripts convert existing
ACE libraries (such as those produced by LANL) whereas generate scripts use
NJOY to process ENDF files directly. Note that unless you are interested in
making a customized library, you can find pregenerated HDF5 libraries at

> https://openmc.mcs.anl.gov. Another source of data libraries for OpenMC is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://openmc.org. Another source of data libraries for OpenMC is the
```

[Windowed Multipole Library](https://github.com/mit-crpg/WMP_Library)

> repository which allows on-the-fly Doppler broadening to an arbitrary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository which enables on-the-fly Doppler broadening to an arbitrary
```

process ENDF files directly. Note that unless you are interested in making a
customized library, you can find pregenerated HDF5 libraries at
https://openmc.mcs.anl.gov.

> | Library | Release | Download from [openmc.mcs.anl.gov](https://openmc.mcs.anl.gov/) | Download ACE files and convert HDF5 | Download ENDF files and generate HDF5 | Convert local ACE files |

Author: ```suggestion
| Library | Release | Download from [openmc.org](https://openmc.org/) | Download ACE files and convert HDF5 | Download ENDF files and generate HDF5 | Convert local ACE files |
```

|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| CENDL | 3.1 |  |  |  | generate_cendl.py |  |

> | ENDF | B-VII.0 | LANL | :heavy_check_mark: |  |  | convert_mcnp70.py |
> | ENDF | B-VII.1 | LANL | :heavy_check_mark: |  |  | convert_mcnp71.py |
> | ENDF | B-VII.1 | NNDC | :heavy_check_mark: | convert_nndc71.py | generate_endf71.py |  |
> | ENDF | B-VIII.0 | LANL | :heavy_check_mark: |  |  | convert_lib80x.py |
> | ENDF | B-VIII.0 | NNDC | :heavy_check_mark: |  | generate_endf80.py |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ENDF/B | VII.0 | LANL | :heavy_check_mark: |  |  | convert_mcnp70.py |
| ENDF/B | VII.1 | LANL | :heavy_check_mark: |  |  | convert_mcnp71.py |
| ENDF/B | VII.1 | NNDC | :heavy_check_mark: | convert_nndc71.py | generate_endf71.py |  |
| ENDF/B | VIII.0 | LANL | :heavy_check_mark: |  |  | convert_lib80x.py |
| ENDF/B | VIII.0 | NNDC | :heavy_check_mark: |  | generate_endf80.py |  |
```

Author: Thanks
